was 40 years ago on April 7, 1969 on a visit of merit but only
of the Republic 41% student to ask for word and in the world
communist
because of this he was arrested by Syrian pete Sida was invaded by forces
cops
given the pressure but I had the cult of a crisis that would only end 5
years later with 25 April
students and soft to customer profile
P
April 17, 1969
11 am
is merit but if really city of coimbra the ministers of public works
and education rui sanches josé brother hail
the then president of the republic prepares to inaugurate only new
mathematics building
the uol site
one with the ibra committed to the team we are and where it happens given defense and
red signal motion advertisement more
on the other bank that morning in April,
I am quiet frightened our dreams and region
brazilians bruno
the creation of our aid
God sees June risks
two or three days of sunshine
let's go to them
leonor for
with a combustion engine a company statement this year
your dislike with a course resume
future
with a cut in the Muslim world world I was there in the hallway
and he got serious
and forced a solution to maintain contacts with its counterpart
and was in the front row
is not the first time that the protests
were many students remembering the problems of teaching
colleagues who are lost
every day
squid in the program
technician
while in October
the success
the confrontation how much it costs per year
not married
when you
already the costs
the last theft so it changed
none of them are one of the event's speakers the former soldiers on April 7
was
alberto martínez he is president of the academic association of coimbra gil
cried the director
rue
dr
argued on his side
according to the bndes
ae
the students will not be able to speak the word future minister of the works
Portuguese public
the entourage continued to show its strength tonight
Alberto Martins he rendered useful
here the students follow the machine when and decreeing academic mourning
lessons and ten years were months of protests came a few
and it's all about the games
I entered hackers he had the benfica
is general of the republic
were found
the academic did not respond
in the holy house
a slow pace benfica company
They were hiding in the house.
at the end of the season
very strong
Iran has a city occupied by military forces in police
violent loads the students answer the last five games in the
movement that became known as the sus here recalls
I was from the main segment I did not see evil david richards incoherent of
eight days later between the two peoples
since April 25
first
one of the years
why a country should not lose its death
a key part is the time to leave